$Id: README,v 1.1 2007-06-27 12:38:06 kbk Exp $

This test case contains a little curved channel with a parabolic 
bottom topography. Stratification from "tprof.dat" corresponds to 
a two-layer fluid. The flow is driven by a constant wind from west if
"topo.nc" is used as bathymetry file. Alternatively, if "topo_min.nc"
is used, the wind blows into the local x-direction of the curvilinear
grid (see below). 

The run's duration is 10 days, during which you can see some nice
Poincare-type waves in the basin, some upwelling at the northern shore,
and the initiation of a non-linear Kelvin-type wave in the upwelling
region.

This test case serves as a simple example for what is needed when 
working with a plane curvilinear grid. The file "topo_min.nc" 
contains the minimum number of variables for GETM to do a useful run, 
namely:

- The interger "grid_type", 
  telling GETM that you use a spherical grid

- The fully polished "bathymetry", 
  defined at the T-points, positive, in meters.
  (the dimensions of this matrix have to correspond to
  "iextr" and "jextr" in the *.dim file when working with
  STATIC allocation). 

- The x- and y-position of the X-points of the curvilinear grid, 
  called "xx" and "yx" in meters.
  (the dimensions of this matrix have to correspond to
  "iextr+1" and "jextr+1" in the *.dim file when working with
  STATIC allocation). 
   

If one of these is missing, GETM doesn't run. However, it is 
possible to specify more quantities to GETM, like "convx". 
This quantity consists of two contributions: First, the local
rotation of the curvilinear grid (mathematically positive) with
respect to the x,y-coordinate system. Second, the local rotation 
(also mathematically positive) of the N/E-system with respect to 
the x,y-system ("grid convergence"). This is needed if the wind
stress is given in the N/E system. Also added to the topo-file 
can be the (lon,lat) positions of the (x,y) X-points, and some parameters
of the geographical projection. This delux-version of the topo-file
is called "topo.nc". If GETM doesn't find one of these optional 
quantities, it outputs a warning and sets a default value. In 
particular, "convx" is set to zero, if it is missing. This means
that the x,y components of the wind stress are taken to be in the 
local direction of the curvilinear grid lines.

Matlab routines are available to produce the topo-files for this
and other topographies. Curvilinear grids can also be produced with
"Seagrid" and mapped afterwards to a topo-file with the help
of the Matlab script "seagrid2getm".
