This test case contains a little rectangular box with a parabolic
bottom topography. Stratification from "tprof.dat" corresponds to
a two-layer fluid. The flow is driven by a constant wind from west 
or, which is almost the same in this case, in the x-direction. The 
run's duration is 10 days, during which you can see some nice
Poincare-type waves in the basin, some upwelling at the northern shore,
and the initiation of a non-linear Kelvin-type wave in the upwelling
region.

This test case serves as a simple example for what is needed when 
working with a Cartesian grid. The file "topo_min.nc" contains 
the minimum number of variables for GETM to do a useful run, namely:

- The interger "grid_type", 
  telling GETM that you use a Cartesian grid

- The grid spacings "dx" and "dy" in meters

- The fully polished "bathymetry", 
  defined at the T-points, positive, in meters.
  (the dimensions of this matrix have to correspond to
   "iextr" and "jextr" in the *.dim file when working with
  STATIC allocation). 
   

If one of these is missing, GETM doesn't run. However, it is 
possible to specify more quantities to GETM like "convx", 
the convergence of the geographical projection inside the model
domain (useful for rotating the wind stress from E/N to x/y), 
the (lonx,latx) positions of the X-points, and some parameters
of the geographical projection. This delux-version of the topo-file
is called "topo.nc". If GETM doesn't find one of these optional 
quantities, it outputs a warning and sets a default value.

Matlab routines are available to produce the topo-files for this
and other topographies.

Inlcuded in this setup is the option for running in parallel mode. Via 
OpenMP and MPI. To do this execute the script 'run_tests.sh'. The script 
compile and run the 'box_cartesian' 3 times and at the end run 
'show_timer_speedup.pl' for analysing the performance results. Note that
the lenght of these runs are only 3 days instead of the 11 days for
the standard test case. Note also that mpiexec, editscenario.py and ncmerge
mut be in the PATH.
